c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\obj\Debug\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication.dll.config
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication.dll
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication.pdb
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.xml
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.xml
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\obj\Debug\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication.dll
c:\users\apollo11\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\obj\Debug\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication.pdb
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication.dll.config
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication.dll
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication.pdb
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.xml
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.xml
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\obj\Debug\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\obj\Debug\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication.dll
D:\Webapi_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication\obj\Debug\WEBAPI_JWT_Authentication.pdb
